.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tutf8 roccatkova2016control.1
.\"
.TH ROCCATKOVA2016CONTROL 1 "January 2016" "Stefan Achatz" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
roccatkova2016control \- a tool to control the extended capabilities of a Roccat
Kova2016 mouse.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kova2016control
[
.B -fhv
] [
.B -a
.I NUMBER
] [
.BI --activate-profile= NUMBER
] [
.B --actual-profile
] [
.B --driver-off
] [
.B --driver-on
] [
.BI --firmware= FILENAME
] [
.B --help
] [
.B --read-firmware
] [
.BI --reset
] [
.B --sensor-read
] [
.BI --sensor-register= NUMBER
] [
.BI --sensor-write= VALUE
] [
.B --version
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This console application lets you modify profiles of a Roccat Kova2016 mouse.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
Give the help list.
.IP "-a, --activate-profile=NUMBER"
Activates the given profile. Please mind that this permanently sets the startup
profile. That means the given profile will be active each time the Kova2016 starts up.
.IP "--actual-profile"
Returns the number of the active profile.
.IP "--driver-off"
Deactivates Windows driver state.
.IP "--driver-on"
Activates Windows driver state.
.IP "--firmware=FILENAME"
Updates the devices firmware with the given Image file. In case of an error this
process can be repeated.
.IP "-f, --read-firmware"
Returns the firmware version of the Kova2016.
.IP "--reset"
Resets the device to factory default settings.
.IP "--sensor-read"
Reads a value from sensors register given with --sensor-register.
.IP "--sensor-register=NUMBER"
Selects a sensor register for reading and writing.
.IP "--sensor-write=VALUE"
Write the given value in the sensor register given with --sensor-register.
.IP "-v, --version"
Print program version.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "kova2016control -r profile.rmp -s 1"
Reads the profile from file
.B profile.rmp
and saves the result as profile number
.B 1
in the mouse and the deposited profile.
.SH AUTHOR
Stefan Achatz <erazor_de@users.sourceforge.net>
