.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tutf8 roccatskeltrcontrol.1
.\"
.TH ROCCATSKELTRCONTROL 1 "DECEMBER 2016" "Stefan Achatz" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
roccatskeltrcontrol \- a tool to control the extended capabilities of Roccat
Skeltr keyboards
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B roccatskeltrcontrol
[
.B -fhv
] [
.B -a
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -d
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -l
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -r
.I FILENAME
] [
.B -s
.I NUMBER
] [
.B -w
.I FILENAME
] [
.BI --activate-profile= NUMBER
] [
.B --actual-profile
] [
.BI --default-profile= NUMBER
] [
.BI --firmware= FILENAME
] [
.B --help
] [
.BI --load= NUMMER
] [
.B --read-firmware
] [
.BI --read-rkp= FILENAME
] [
.BI --reset
] [
.BI --save= NUMMER
] [
.B --version
] [
.BI --write-rkp= FILENAME
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This console application lets you modify profiles of Roccat Skeltr keyboards.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
Give the help list.
.IP "-a, --activate-profile=NUMBER"
Activates the given profile. Please mind that this permanently sets the startup
profile. That means the given profile will be active each time the Skeltr starts up.
.IP "--actual-profile"
Returns the number of the active profile.
.IP "-d, --default-profile=NUMBER"
Sets the default profile that gets activated when no gamefile setting is active.
A value of 0 deactivates this functionality.
.IP "--firmware=FILENAME"
Updates the devices firmware with the given Image file. In case of an error this
process can be repeated.
.IP "-f, --read-firmware"
Returns the firmware version of the Skeltr.
.IP "-l, --load=NUMBER"
Loads the profile from keyboard and deposits it in memory. If they differ a warning
is given and the keyboard profile is used further.
.IP "-r, --read-rkp=FILENAME"
Reads an rkp-file into memory.
.IP "--reset"
Resets the device to factory default settings.
.IP "-s, --save=NUMBER"
Saves the profile from memory to keyboard and deposit.
.IP "-v, --version"
Print program version.
.IP "-w, --write-rkp=FILENAME"
Writes the profile from memory as rkp-file.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "roccatskeltrcontrol -r profile.rkp -s 1"
Reads the profile from file
.B profile.rkp
and saves the result as profile number
.B 1
in the keyboard and the deposited profile.
.SH AUTHOR
Stefan Achatz <erazor_de@users.sourceforge.net>
